Add initial documentation for context menu for linked file moval (#15597)
JabRef/jabref: docs/decisions/0057-multi-file-move-uses-single-chosen-target-directory.md

Reviewer: Isn't this behaviour obvious? It would be strange if I performed a move action to 1 directory and files would end up in different. Maybe I don't understand fully the context

---
nav_order: 57
parent: Decision Records
status: accepted
date: 2026-04-20
---

> # Multi-file move uses a single chosen target directory for all selected files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Multi-file move should use a single target directory for all selected files
```
